# Full-Stack-Development-Dashboard

REDO THIS README

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
For this project, the goal was to create a web application which allows users to view database data via a dashboard application. I worked to make my code maintainable, readable, and adaptable thoughout development. I followed best practices, implimented changes/suggestions by my professor, and heavily commented my code. The benifit of doing so was that my code is adaptable and can be used for future applications. It is maintainable/readable and can be updated by the user to best suit their needs. It was helpful to do so during developemnt because I was able to use the same CRUD module for the more advanced milestone assignment.
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I faced quite a few issues while developing this product for the final assignment. I addressed and resolved these issues using one or more of these strategies: researching the issue/reading documentation, trial and error, and reaching out to help from my professor and peers. As my classes advance, I have begun to see the benifit of working with others to complete assignments. I believe this is good because many jobs require working in team settings when developing products.
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
There is not one specific thing that computer scientists do, but many *many* different things that are possible to do within the field of computer science. My work on this project gave me hands-on experience with full stack development. The prodct I developed was done so to help a buisness better view data from a chosen database. It was developed based upon their requests.
